Laughter: My second uncle voluntarily gave up the position of head of the family.
When spiritual stones float, we have the ability to be fully looked at and appreciate.
If you stand next to Tiancheng, a monkey monster will die.
It's you, don't live here.
Station Tiancheng. What I hate the most is a confident relative like you,
With such deliberate lies, our marriage is simply a joke.
What I need is a man who can be a good man,
And you have no self-sing in my heart at all.
Get this trash out quickly, it won't be good if it disturbs the gathering of gods and demons in Beijiang.
Look, I tell you every day
Just after I lost before I got tired of meeting
You understand this destiny yourself
You all live with me, miss.
Your identity is a ghost
He should stay away from him, right?
Meet and jump
You who are in control speak for him
King Sheng of Beijiang is willing to let me pretend to be his wife
Explain how he must feel about me
I must seize this opportunity
Divorce Zhan Tianchen as soon as possible
Follow the royal family of Beijiangsheng
He is a rainy Buddha
Before I clean up the Bosai Dong King
It's dawn first, you take over the sky
Let's get a divorce
Don't bear me like this anymore
It just makes me feel more annoying
Self has been taken care of
I hope you can lead me quickly
I won’t compensate you a million
from now on
We have nothing to do with
Who can even say that Dongjun is ready for divorce?
Come out and say it